support renderOption, clearable and clearButtonProps in Autocomplete (#604)
snehilvj/dash-mantine-components: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

# Unreleased

### Added

> - Support renderOption prop in Autocomplete #604 by @ihor-lazariev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for functions as props in renderOption  and filter props in Autocomplete #604 by @ihor-lazariev
```

Author: - Support for functions as props in `renderOption` and `filter` props, `clearButtonProps` and `clearable` props in `Autocomplete` #604 by @ihor-lazariev

second part probably hurts the eye. any suggestions?

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

- New features for Autocomplete [#604](https://github.com/your-repo/issues/604) by @ihor-lazariev:
    - Support for JavaScript functions in renderOption and filter props
    - New clearButtonProps and clearable props
